---
layout: post
title: first-internprise
---

## My First 'Internprise' Experience

So, I spent the past six weeks working at a certain very large Australian bank. It was my first time doing a LOT of things, including seeing how professional software engineers work. So this post will be a bit of a reflection and a few notes about my experience, especially considering my previous software experience is about one year of university.

One of the things that really surprised me at the end was how happy everyone was with my work and what I had done, which really surprised me considering I didn't really think much of what I had done was that useful - of the four things I did, one turned out to be a bit of a failure, one was small and took less than a day, one was a small user story that I feel another dev could've done in an hour or two, and the final was a moderate success, but also was very, very limited. So, I guess the important thing to take away is that **even if you're just doing small tasks, you're still making a difference**. In my case, even the failed tasks were useful because they *proved* that the tools I was trying to set up weren't quite ready yet, which was more than enough for my manager. When you're an intern, no-one's expecting you to do amaaaaazing things- so take the opportunity to be dumb! Ask questions, even basic ones, and take your time to actually learn the stuff you're doing, rather than blindly copy pasting other people's code (still do that, but actually learn how it works - it'll save you frustration if there are bugs and also you'll learn more). **While expectations are low, ask questions, learn as much as you can, and then you can start producing some really cool stuff!**

Furthermore, these tasks also required relatively little actual technical knowledge on my part. Apart from a basic understanding of npm and web development, I learnt almost everything else by **reading other people's code** and **reading stuff on the internet**. So much so that I reckon the most important skill that I used in the internship was not my java coding, or my data structure knowledge. No, it was **my google-fu and ability to quickly figure parse and understand documentation** that helped me the most.

With those tips out of the way, I'd like to touch on some more general aspects of my experience. Firstly- stuff in a big bank moves slooowwww! In the six weeks I was present, no websites were made or pushed out, and in the project I worked on, most time was spent updating UI and discussing architecture features, like API structure and page layouts before actually creating the thing. While this is all very important stuff to think about, it's certainly a stark contrast to Uni and personal projects, where I've pushed out entire sites in a week, or even just a day. Part of this is due to obviously desires to make sure everything is thoroughly tested and nothing is wasted (the 'move fast and break things' mentality doesn't really work when breaking something could lead to money being lost, especially at a financially focussed institution). But I think it's more due to the amount of people involved in any one thing at one time- you have business analysts, clients, developers, project managers all working on one project, and everything needs to go through a fairly large amount of people before it can even be considered for implementation. That's big banks for ya, I guess.

Secondly, there is kind of a good feeling to be had when something does go right, because you really are working in a team, on a large scale- you discuss the project together, work on it together, and then produce a work that goes out to be used by thousands, if not millions, of people in the real world. This, I have found, is what I love about software development: **the ability to create tools that can be used by everyone without you needing to step in personally**. Nothing makes me happier when I click 'run', or 'deploy', and I can see the program running and working on its own, doing helpful things! (And all the better if that program implements some cool algorithm or smart engineering!)

The scrum meetings, maligned though they may be by some, I found genuinely useful to stay in touch with what everyone's doing, and incite discussion about the project. Otherwise, it would be so easy to just come in, work, and then leave without talking to anyone if you didn't have any other meetings - and then what's even the point of needing to come into work!? I personally think that the incidental discussions are vital to a project's wellbeing, especially if everyone's not super keen on the project (as more often happens in large companies where you might not get a say on your projects as much), and thus less likely to go the extra mile to ping people and ask them stuff or just generally chat about the project. Of course there are pros for working remotely as well, but I personally so far prefer being able to turn around and talk face-to-face to the people I'm working with.

Overall, it was a very fresh experience for me, with the entire office-life being new to me (I'm still shocked at how I could just browse the net on my phone during working hours), but I think I gained a lot, and I would really encourage people to reach out to not the recruiters, but the managers of these tech teams if they want to work there- I know almost every 'how to get a job at X' guide says this, but really, companies are always keen for talent, especially talent that takes the initiative. And even if you can do the small tasks, and get them out of the way, thats still useful, and people will still think you were helpful in doing it!

Thanks for reading this ramble, and I wish anyone reading this all the best - just be eager to learn (but not necessarily productivity-robot style), and a lot of people would love to have you on board!

'Til next time,
Hamish
