---
layout: post
title: My 2023 Reading List
tags: blog non-technical personal
description: Everything I watched, read, and played in 2023.
---

I've kept track of most media I watch, read, or play for the past few years. Here's the list of things I read/played/watched in 2023, in no particular order:

## Books (& selected comics)
- *Stolen Focus: Why you can’t pay attention*
- *All Your Faces Belong to Us*
- Emily Wilson's *Iliad* translation
- *Parfit: A Philosopher and His Mission to Save Morality*
- *Captain Britain* Omnibus
- *Animal Man* (Morrison's run)
- *Leech*
- *A rag, a Bone, a Hank of Hair*
- *Invincible* (the entire run)

I also read many other manga and comics I did not track. I really enjoyed the ongoing run of *Immortal X-men*, and did a big reread of *One Piece* and *Jujutsu Kaisen*. Maybe this year I'll read more books...

## Films
- *Da Kath & Kim Code*
- *Bodies Bodies Bodies*
- *Triangle of Sadness*
- *The Menu*
- *Jennifer's Body*
- *Prey*
- *The New Mutants*
- *TÁR*
- *Infinity Pool*
- *Marcel the Shell with Shoes On*
- *X-Men*
- *Ant-Man and the Wasp: Quantumania*
- *Ford v Ferrari*
- *Venom: Let There Be Carnage*
- *John Wick: Chapter 4*
- *Tetris*
- *Decision to Leave*
- *Shazam! Fury of the Gods*
- *Suzume*
- *Guardians of the Galaxy Vol. 3*
- *Spider-Man: Across the Spider-Verse*
- *Avatar: The Way of Water*
- *Creed*
- *Asteroid City*
- *Past Lives*
- *Jujutsu Kaisen 0*
- *Creed II*
- *American Made*
- *Barbie*
- *Mission: Impossible – Dead Reckoning Part One*
- *The Flash*
- *Oppenheimer*
- *Cars 3*
- *(500) Days of Summer*
- *Godzilla vs. Kong*
- *No Hard Feelings*
- *Godzilla: King of the Monsters*
- *The Super Mario Bros. Movie*
- *Blue Beetle*
- *No One Will Save You*
- *Dungeons & Dragons: Honor Among Thieves*
- *The Creator*
- *Mission: Impossible*
- *Mission: Impossible II*
- *Killers of the Flower Moon*
- *The Marvels*
- *The Killer*
- *BlackBerry*
- *Indiana Jones and the Dial of Destiny*
- *Leave the World Behind*
- *The Wonderful Story of Henry Sugar*
- *Mission: Impossible III*
- *Edge of Tomorrow*
- *Mission: Impossible – Ghost Protocol*
- *Saltburn*
- *Emily the Criminal*
- *Jumper*
- *Indiana Jones and the Temple of Doom*

Yes, I did watch most of the Mission Impossible films this past year. I track my film watching on [my letterboxd](https://letterboxd.com/hamishivi/).

## TV Series
- *You* (S4)
- *Mythic Quest* (S3)
- *The Mandalorian* (S3)
- *Succession* (all)
- *Beef*
- *The Bear* (S1-2)
- *Black Mirror* (S6)
- *Lux Listings Sydney* (S3)
- *One Piece* (Netflix ver.)
- *Ahsoka*
- *Pluto*
- *Gen V*
- *Loki* (S2)
- *Aggretsuko* (S5)
- *Bleach: The Thousand Year Blood War* (S2)
- *Scott Pilgrim Takes Off*

In addition, I also watched *The Curse* and *Monarch: Legacy of Monsters*, but these did not finish until this year. I usually like to have one or two weekly shows to look forward to.

## Games
- *Return of the Obra Dinn*
- *The Last of Us (Part 1)*
- *The Last of Us (Part 2)*
- *The Looker*
- *Live-a-Live*
- *Metroid Prime Remastered*
- *Xenoblade Chronicles 3: Future Redeemed DLC Campaign*
- *The Legend of Zelda: Tears of the Kingdom*
- *Mariokart DLC Wave 5 & 6*
- *Pikmin 1*
- *Pikmin 2*
- *Pokemon Violet: the Teal Mask*
- *Pikmin 3*
- *Mario Wonder*
- *Detective Pikachu Returns*
- *Pokemon Scarlet: The Indigo Disk*
- *Pikmin 4*

I like to play through entire series when I have the right consoles - such as playing through (and 100%ing) both The Last of Us games and the entire *Pikmin* series.

I ended up watching and playing a lot of things over the past year! It was a bit of a weird year, with a big summer break while I waited to start my PhD, so I don't know if I'll cover as much ground this year, but we will see.
