---
layout: post
title: My 2024 Reading List
tags: blog non-technical
description: Everything I watched, read, and played in 2024.
---

I keep track of everything I read, play, and watch over the year, and looking back is always fun. Below I'll share most of it, and highlight my particular recommendations.
This year was a much busier year (being the first full year I spent in a PhD program!) and so I really didn't have as much time as in the past for media consumption.
I worked on 10 papers in some form this year, 6 in a first-author status and 4 in some middle-author status. This was... too much! With any luck, I'll focus on fewer but more impactful projects this coming year, and this list will be a bit more interesting.
I also (perhaps due to just... getting old?) tried to spend my free time hanging out with people, or mucking around with hobbies (we'll see if I finally learn more than a few chords on guitar this year).
So maybe expect less time-expensive things like video games in the future. 

## Books (& selected comics)

- *The Year of the Locust*
- *Question 7*
- *Babel*
- *God, Human, Animal, Machine: Technology, Metaphor, and the Search for Meaning*
- *Plays of Aristophanes (all)*
- *Theory and Reality: An Introduction to the Philosophy of Science*
- *My Year of Rest and Relaxation*
- *Rejection: Fiction*
- *Going Infinite*
- *The Sandman (all)*
- *Sex Criminals*
- *Uzumaki*
- *Sensor*
- *The League of Extraordinary Gentlemen (all)*
- *CITY*

Sadly, not much reading this year, although I want to fix this (lots downloaded on my kindle)! I focussed a bit on more non-fiction this year. I really, really enjoyed *Rejection: Fiction*, but I have to say it's not for the prude or squeamish. 
*Theory and Reality* was also a solid read, and I recommend it to anyone in a PhD program -- it feels important to have some grounding in the philosophy of science if you plan to be, well, a scientist.
And yes, I (re)read all the plays of Aristophanes this year -- sadly in English, but I do always love ancient comedy.

In terms of comics not listed here, I enjoyed (like many) the new Ultimate lines by Marvel, with Ultimate Spiderman and Ultimate X-men being particular highlights. I also didn't mind the Zdarsky *Batman* run, and the new *Absolute Batman* seems promising from initial issues! I reread a lot of manga this year, including *Bleach* and *Hunter x Hunter*, which remain solid shounen (especially *Hunter x Hunter*). I also enjoyed the ongoing SJ comics *Witch Watch*, *Dandadan*, and *Akane-Banashi*. 
I also read (and got really into) *CITY* by Keiichi Arawai, author of perhaps my favourite gag manga ever (*Nichijou*) -- and it was like discovering that not only did a sequel to your favourite show existed, but also that the author had really evolved their craft in the meantime -- just a really great manga to read start to end.

## Films

- *Bottoms*  
- *Oldboy*  
- *Killers of the Flower Moon*  
- *The Boy and the Heron*  
- *The Zone of Interest*  
- *X*  
- *The Suicide Squad*  
- *Starship Troopers*  
- *Incredibles 2*  
- *Aquaman and the Lost Kingdom*  
- *Dune*  
- *Napoleon*  
- *Dune: Part Two*  
- *Poor Things*  
- *Ricky Stanicky*  
- *Dream Scenario*  
- *Looper*  
- *Anyone But You*  
- *The Gentlemen*  
- *Challengers*  
- *The Holdovers*  
- *Furiosa: A Mad Max Saga*  
- *Mad Max*  
- *Mad Max 2*  
- *I Saw the TV Glow*  
- *Godzilla Minus One*  
- *Mad Max Beyond Thunderdome*  
- *Hit Man*  
- *Upgrade*  
- *Pearl*  
- *Godzilla x Kong: The New Empire*  
- *Dogtooth*  
- *Longlegs*  
- *Deadpool & Wolverine*  
- *Problemista*  
- *Aliens*  
- *Alien³*  
- *Alien Resurrection*  
- *The Social Network*  
- *Alien: Romulus*  
- *Love Lies Bleeding*  
- *Prometheus*  
- *Kinds of Kindness*  
- *The Fall Guy*  
- *The Babadook*  
- *Fresh*  
- *Civil War*  
- *Ghosted*  
- *Another Round*  
- *The Substance*  
- *Megalopolis*  
- *Mysterious Skin*  
- *The Chant of Jimmie Blacksmith*  
- *Us*  
- *Fantastic Four*  
- *Woman of the Hour*  
- *Fantastic Four: Rise of the Silver Surfer*  
- *Trap*  
- *Anora*  
- *Look Back*  
- *Vermiglio*  
- *Alien: Covenant*  
- *No Time to Die*  
- *MaXXXine*  
- *The Lives of Others*  
- *Twisters*  
- *Conclave*  
- *Blitz*  
- *A Real Pain*  
- *Red One*  
- *Thelma*  
- *Challengers*  
- *Die Hard*
- *I Saw the TV Glow*
- *Wallace & Gromit: Vengeance Most Fowl*
- *My Old Ass*
- *Transformers: The Last Knight*
- *Transformers: Age of Extinction*
- *Sunshine*

Unlike reading, I managed to watch **alot** of films this year - 79 total!
You can go read my reviews and ratings on [my letterboxd](https://letterboxd.com/hamishivi/) for actual details or recommendations.
I went into both *Mad Max* and *Alien* phases this year, and (re)watched them. Actually, I discovered that the first *Mad Max* was shot partly in the same area as my Australian family! *I Saw the TV Glow* probably ended up being my favourite film of the year, but certainly not for everyone. There was also a decent amount of watching 'comfort food' films, which for me are mediocre superhero flicks.

## TV Series

- *Echo*  
- *Monarch: Legacy of Monsters*  
- *The Curse*  
- *Mr and Ms Smith*  
- *Percy Jackson and the Lightning Thief*  
- *Three-Body Problem (Netflix version)*  
- *Jojo's Bizarre Adventure Part 6: Stone Ocean*  
- *Avatar the Last Airbender: Legend of Korra (all)*  
- *Invincible Season 2 Part 2*  
- *Baby Reindeer*  
- *Silicon Valley (All seasons)*  
- *The Sympathizer*  
- *The Boys S4*  
- *The Acolyte*  
- *Doctor Who (2024) + Christmas Special*  
- *House of the Dragon (S2)*  
- *The Bear (S3)*  
- *The Umbrella Academy (S4; final season)*  
- *Industry (S1-3)*  
- *Agatha All Along*  
- *The Penguin*  
- *Pantheon (all)*  
- *Dune: Prophecy*  
- *Dandadan S1*
- *The Franchise*
- *Squid Game 2*
- *What if...? S3*
- *Bleach: Thousand-Year Blood War S3*

I watched a decent amount of TV too this year! I'm also slowly working on *House, M.D.* (current comfort show). In hindisght, there were a few big highlights of the year. *The Curse* is perhaps an all-time piece, and *Baby Reindeer* and *Pantheon* really stuck in my brain. I particularly recommend *Pantheon* for anyone looking for 'anime sci-fi' vibes -- sure, it's not 100% technically accurate, but it has interesting ideas and explores them in interesting ways, which is all I can ask for. *The Sympathizer* and *The Penguin* also really got me -- I really recommend *The Sympathizer*, with great *Park Chan-wook* stylings (as the showrunner), and the uniqueness of watching a big-budget TV show mostly in Vietnamese. However, both shows are certainly pretty rough in terms of violence, and aren't perfect by any means.

## Games

- *Outer Wilds*  
- *Silent Hill: The Short Message*  
- *Needy Streamer Overload*  
- *Paper Mario: The Thousand-Year Door Remake*  

Sadly, this is where work really reduced the amount of time I had (compare this list to last year...). I have a long, long backlog of games that came out that I really want to try out. Of these, I found *Outer Wilds* amazing -- it absolutely lives up to its (almost insane levels of) hype, and *Paper Mario* was a fun take on an RPG. I also played through *Final Fantasy XVI*, but I have a bit to go to finish the platinum for it, so it'll have to be on next year's list.

## Other

I didn't track these other things myself, but Spotify told me I really liked *Porter Robinson*, *Magdalena Bay*, *Beabadoobee*, *Charli XCX*, and *Royel Otis*. I managed to see 3 of these in person at concerts this year, along with other great artists like *Clairo* and *Odessza*, which was fun. I got super into Magdalena Bay's stuff, which comes with [cool](https://www.mercurialworld.com/) [websites](https://imaginaldisk.world/), [production breakdowns](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KXyQ_C5J5HY), and [just generally some fun vibes](https://youtu.be/ekxNdBZizNQ).  

I watch way too much youtube, but I really liked [Jacob Geller's](https://www.youtube.com/jacobgeller) video essays, [WolfeyVGC's](https://www.youtube.com/@WolfeyVGC) videos on competitive pokemon, and [Tom Walker's](https://www.youtube.com/@tomwalkerisgood) generally insane VODs.

I spent way too much time on tiktoks and reels this year, and trying to track what I saw would probably send me insane and/or into a depressive funk. I like the stupid [yap dollar trend](https://www.instagram.com/yapp_dollar_reborn/reels/). I like the educational [Map Men](https://www.tiktok.com/@jayforeman) series. I enjoy the unhinged [Sydney Metro fanpage](https://www.instagram.com/ilovesydneymetro/).
Short-form video content is fun and here to stay, but by god is it too addictive.

And that's about it from me this year! I guess this is probably the most consistent blog post I have, so I'll see you same time next year.
I have a feeling that next year might have some more interesting items on the list :)